hi
iceman3k — 2/21/2026 8:58 PM
Hello! I was interested in what you were saying earlier about integrating with SMBs, ERPs, integrating and automations with accounting firms and taxs. If you wouldn't mind, I would love to have a conversation with you on how you monetize this and find your clients. I have a heavy tech background, could basically be an MSP,  been vibe coding now for 3 months. I have also been out of work now for a month, laid off from cyber security analysis at BMO now for a month now. I am trying to try to monetize something, but have no idea how as I have been w2 my whole career. 
Thallium — 2/21/2026 8:58 PM
ok
want to have it now? i don't have all the answers, but lets start to process of meeting each other - i'm not great at the relationship building stage, but I'm happy to talk and learn more
the only true entrepreneurial success i've had is in a small single person shop accounting firm - and that was basically show up to the chamber of commerce and cry for help till i landed some clients
but - I feel you with that W2 experience without knowing anything else
making the abrupt transition to entrepreneur without the income safety net of a W2 is...well terrifying
iceman3k — 2/21/2026 9:03 PM
So that was a proof of concept that you could do it? Have you had further success outside of AI integration?
IT IS TERRIFYING! Lucky we have some savings for a back fall, but I need to get something going
Thallium — 2/21/2026 9:04 PM
mind if I call? I'll share my experience
iceman3k — 2/21/2026 9:04 PM
Please!
Thallium
 started a call that lasted an hour. — 2/21/2026 9:04 PM
Thallium — 2/21/2026 9:07 PM
who moved my cheese
the ultimate job search guide 2017
Thallium — 2/21/2026 9:23 PM
sbdc
SCORE=
Image
Thallium — 2/21/2026 9:33 PM
Image
iceman3k — 2/21/2026 9:34 PM
Startup Competitor Deep Dive,
| Startup | Focus | Funding | Differentiation from Project Green |
|---------|-------|---------|-----------------------------------|
| Truewind | AI bookkeeping automation | Funded (Bay Area) | Point solution for bookkeeping; we are multi-domain (tax, payroll, operations) |
| Vic.ai | Accounts payable automation | Funded, strong adoption | AP-specific; we model the entire firm, not just one process |
| Numeric | Month-end close acceleration | Funded | Close-specific; we address the full business management lifecycle |
| Gravis AI | AI ERP for service businesses | Emerging | Closest to our vision; watch closely. They are ERP-replacement; we are overlay. |
Thallium — 2/21/2026 9:34 PM
Image
iceman3k — 2/21/2026 9:36 PM
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kristopher-knutsen
Thallium — 2/21/2026 9:51 PM
https://discord.gg/vaEx9CEV
board contract
Attachment file type: document
Member Terms Memo - Project Green ICEMAN -.docx
16.28 KB
Thallium — 2/22/2026 7:24 AM
morning! - if you go to the denver chamber, get a list of their networking events - and i'd suggest going to start going to those, print up some simple business cards (you might be surprised how many people still want to use them) keep it simple with your name, a service/job title you want to offer, maybe something that indicates you are in a career search - then keep the back matte and blank so you can write on it - include your name and email on the front  - and start having friendly conversations with anyone who looks friendly and looks like they enjoy networking, listen first and ask curious questions about how they ended up there, and when they feel like they've been doing all the talking, they'll ask how you ended up there - tell em you're in search of a new career and doing some contracted in the interim
Thallium — 2/22/2026 7:41 AM
Also - what is an MSP?
And, one final thought - if you'd like to barter services with me personally, or Owen my developer partner, I'm open to that - so if for instance if you take the next step in the entrepreneur journey and find a contact but need my expertise & hands to deliver a service, we can barter for a value, even if I do not have a service to trade immediately, we can bank that barter for the future
iceman3k — 2/22/2026 8:00 PM
Excellent advice! I plan on heading to the chamber of commerce this week. I also have a friend that is the city manger of Commerce City (just north of Denver), he is always willing to facilitate networking opportunities. Also, great incite into listening first. People love to talk about themselves.
iceman3k — 2/22/2026 8:08 PM
Managed Service Provider. A b2b that facilitates IT administration, phones, servers, cloud architecture, troubleshooting. Basically businesses seek IT service providers because they do not have an in-house IT department. 
iceman3k — 2/22/2026 8:10 PM
I am completely open to this. Happy to barter services for a value add
iceman3k — 2/22/2026 8:45 PM
Attachment file type: document
Member Terms Memo - Project Green ICEMAN - copy.docx
27.59 KB
Thallium — 2/22/2026 8:45 PM
wife was good I take it
Thallium — 2/22/2026 8:48 PM
so this is the equivalent of an accountant hanging out their own shingle - got it
Thallium — 2/23/2026 10:37 AM
counter signed agreement
Attachment file type: acrobat
Member Terms Memo - Project Green ICEMAN - copy-Countersigned.pdf
3.81 MB
welcome officially aboard the board - if I had swag to send you, I'd send it 🙂 
Since we we have a prototype customer, I might have some contract work for you in the realm of HIPAA Compliance / NIST Compliance, and then what that actually looks like from a code and software development stack
and then, deployment, how do I actually deliver my product to the customer in a way that keep the full-end system absolutely secure, whether that be on premises or not, and what would that look like if the customer chooses to leverage a dual model approach, with one installed local llm based on what hardware they are willing to invest in, and a cloud model
I'm not sure what that contract relationship looks like - but I want to be easy to work with, and as a board member, I'll share with the financial position (balance sheet), and our monthly P&L overhead, so you know what constraints were working with
I want to work out something that helps you achieve your goals, but doesn't break my personal balance sheet
for instance, i'd like to be your customer #1 for your MSP endeavor, but I know from working with startups myself that startups weren't my target market - but the one customer we're developing a solution for, was a post 6 month startup when I started working with them -  that went from $20K a month in revenue to $1M/month  9 years later 
iceman3k — 2/23/2026 1:24 PM
This is terrific news! Congrats on the deal! Let's hit this one out of the park to show off what this project is capable of! 

Perfect, this sounds like the tremendous opportunity to start building a portfolio of success use-cases to explain and refer future clients to show my future clients. While revenue generation is important, it is also important to establish myself and my skills. I am willing to barter services for either a fee, or equity, or contract % rake of the overall revenue generated. We can discuss this further knowing my commitment to this project.

I have already started developing sets of Information Security and corporate policies. Pre being invited to this project, I was already creating a policy framework for companies to buy and apply to their SMB's. I can use that framework and apply these corporate policies to our project. I will need internal documentation from you to help understand the project further to apply the correct policies and specify wording base on the project. I will also need to speak with the other members, contributors, and developers to understand the direction they want to take for developing the stack. I am also conducting research into AI models and HIPPA compliance.
Thallium — 2/23/2026 1:27 PM
I want you to meet with Owen - feel free to connect with him, I already sent him your primer background email, so hes in the loop on what to ask, what to share in terms of our codebase
I told him he can screen share with you parts of the project, but before handing over the codebase, I want to be clear on how you can use that
honestly I was thinking if you want to use it in your own endeavors, we figure out a copyright/license agreement
and then if we both don't have the cash to figure that out, we either throw it into a barter or put it into payable and just defer it till we're both making enough money to settle up 
i don't want to get hung on IP issues, I just want to move fast towards revenue, the market is massive and i'm one guy in his home office
on the owen topic, be aware - we just entered rapid prototyping like last two weeks, and I went like 80 hours deep on building what I wanted - Owen has like 10 hours in it but it wasn't a productive week for him, and now he has to follow my code system - of me working like an absolute madman to make a tremendous sprint - all of the progress we've made in the last two weeks is literally brand new - we went from an idea, to prototype, to alpha customer basically overnight 
iceman3k — 2/23/2026 1:31 PM
Rest assured anything that I am given access to will remain 100% confidential and siloed from other projects. This is one aspect of my career that I never compromised on, privileged information stays privileged and uncompromised, following privacy and non disclosure principles.
Thallium — 2/23/2026 1:31 PM
i'm okay if you want to use it (I need the revenue/barter)
i just... want to get paid if you use it
and, theres going to be parts of your codebase I would like to use, so maybe theres a relationship long term type thing
but - heres the thing - you may not legitimately need to -
so.. its all good
iceman3k — 2/23/2026 1:33 PM
Absolutely, when/if the time comes, we'll discuss licensing and use of code.
Thallium — 2/23/2026 1:34 PM
i need to temper enthusiasm on what this means - I pitched this whole concept to my one accounting clients i've had for about 9 years - the pitch I used was - I want to give you this thing with a 99% discount for a period of time in exchange for being an alpha customer 
so.... we're still broke
but technically you'll get 0.25% of 1% of whatever we charge
..... so.... win? 😭
iceman3k — 2/23/2026 1:38 PM
It's a win. I am investor. Investment of time and effort is not something I am not afraid of for potential gains, or losses for that matter. Most companies/startups operate in a deficit up front. It's how all resources, time & money, are spent to achieve a revenue win that matters.


Thallium — 2/23/2026 1:40 PM
its a win, for sure
we're moving
prototype --> final product and implementation process. --> beta client batch or more alpha client cohorts --> final processes --> marketing and lead gen --> integrations and onboarding --> bug fixing, maintenance, feature development roadmap --> scaling
Thallium — 2/23/2026 1:49 PM
let me give you a primer background on Owen
Owen recently graduated with a degree in computer science - and graduated into the worst environment for software engineers that has probably ever existsed - full stack development. Owen has 25% of the revenue of the project and will convert to equity when get to that stage
I've personally known Owen from a very old video game (Microsoft Allegiance if you want a laugh) - Owen has done free development on the game and for the community, and we've been gaming together since he in early-teens, playing a game where the average user base was early 20s
Backtrak (you'll see him in the discord, hes not a board member cause of conflicts, but hes a good friend who's a very full stack system archiect) and Owen, were part of the team that took Microsoft Allegiance from Microsoft License to MIT open source and got the game to steam 
iceman3k — 2/23/2026 1:56 PM
Its amazing how the landscape for developers has changed in just the last 2 years. I feel for him. I am excited to see and hear what he has accomplished thus far.
Thallium — 2/23/2026 1:56 PM
so far we've been doing a ton of research on getting into the space, you can see some of our early projects meant to be research projects
we're just now getting to claude CLI - we've been running cursor IDE so far
iceman3k — 2/23/2026 1:57 PM
I have not heard of Microsoft Allegiance 😆 . But have been gaming since Starcraft days.
As a non-developer, I love curosr. For me it produces the best output and with the greatest speed for the cost.
Thallium — 2/23/2026 1:59 PM
Part of my agreement with Owen - is talent development and career search assistance, hes gone through the entire "the ultimate search guide" career search process and submitted over 100 resumes and cover letters since we started in September
and on a personal profile level - Owen can be a little reserved in personal interaction, don't let that fool you though - hes wicked smart
allegiance is a very competitive real time strategy, and played at the highest level its the most competitive and demanding team based competitive shooters/4x game I've ever played. 99.9% of the players who try the game leave - Owen not only picked up the game as a early teen, he got as good as the best players, and then he started commanding, which is a unique role that is its own whole level of competitiveness - and while he doesn't like to command, when he does do it, he's a threat
in game context, when something needs doing that's critical to winning, I can count on Owen to get it done right, on time, orchestrated with the overall strategy 
iceman3k — 2/23/2026 2:03 PM
Sounds like America's Army a bit. I was in one of the top 20 clans on that game.
Thallium — 2/23/2026 2:03 PM
I played the crap out of that - vip extraction 🙂 
iceman3k — 2/23/2026 2:07 PM
I am a bit reserved myself, have to get over my own ADHD and fear of conversation. As I get older, the apprehensiveness drops off, but I still don't like being in large crowds or groups where I don't know people. Very uncomfortable, but lately I have been having to put myself directly into uncomfortable situations, that's where I am finding the largest personal growth. 
Looking forward to meeting with him.
Thallium — 2/24/2026 9:49 PM
how'd it go?
iceman3k — 2/24/2026 10:11 PM
Great! Smart guy. Defiantly in the early stages of development. I introduced myself and gave my background. He explained where he was and a bit of the architecture. Talked about secure coding and eventual next steps for hosting what kind of stack he was using, docker, so we can easily deploy to a Kubernetes cluster. 
Thallium — 2/24/2026 10:11 PM
cool
btw - he mentioned to me that just today, he got like 4 contacts all in one shot back from his career search 
so - that ultimate job search guide, it does work - but holy shit is the market frozen 
if it continues like this, if you're going down the W2 path, you might find similar results - but the market for experienced talent is much different than for new talent
iceman3k — 2/24/2026 10:16 PM
I may end up going the W2 route, but I think I still want to build a business if I can. That will be my ultimate goal. I am in a place where I need to clear my head if I am going to start down the w2 route again. The situation with my last manger kind of put me off of working for someone else at the moment.
Thallium — 2/24/2026 10:17 PM
its not for the faint of heart, doing it when you are in a place of security is much easier, building the plane while its in motion is terrifying - I did it without kids, just wife and I and she was working
but - it can be done
iceman3k — 2/24/2026 10:19 PM
I may need another month to be in the right mindset. I do have options, as you said, Having experience in the field even if it was not in the vendor management space is a plus. Some saving will get us by for a while with my wife working, and getting promoted. 
Good for him though. Extreamly hard market right now
May the best oppertunity prevail!
Thallium — 3/1/2026 8:23 PM
whats the best email for you
i'm going to get you on our internal whiteboard
iceman3k — 3/1/2026 8:23 PM
kris@knutsenenterprises.com 
Thallium — 3/1/2026 8:24 PM
this way you have a space to document out frameworks and brain dump anytthing and everything you'd like me to work on
if you want a few contract hours - do you have a hourly rate we can work out?
iceman3k — 3/1/2026 8:34 PM
Normally I would be $60-80/per hour (my startup discount with no clients yet) depending on scope, with maintenance contracts with varying rates that would also dependent on scope. That said, I am not going to be a blocker for cost on this project. i.e. I have to pay Kris and forgo X project cost. I am willing to trade for equity or delayed payment with interest upon success.
Thallium — 3/1/2026 8:35 PM
ok
lets pencil in 5 hours - of just straight planning.
There is no sprint time on getting all this done, In fact I would prefer that you seperate it out over time
And - I'd like you to leverage AI to accomplish this planning. So - create a project, make sure you have a great template for the task, BMAD might work, my development template is probably sufficient - but the output all of this work, will be a for hire research zip file I can load up to my environment, with a comprehensive analysis of anything and everything in the space, with plans, and systems, considerations - all of your expertise condensed into one project file 
A bit about me I may not have mentioned - I started my career in fortune 500 internal audit on the opererational audit team, but I sat next to the IT internal audit team
I was only there for 18 months, but I absorbed a ton
Oh, the rate - I was thinking $70
right in the middle
Attachment file type: archive
Development Template.zip
43.56 KB
if you build a better template or BMAD for planning and research, let me know
iceman3k — 3/1/2026 8:42 PM
Sounds like a plan.
Thallium — 3/1/2026 8:42 PM
cool
$350 works on my end - limited scope, clear deliverable
ah, the topics - anything and everything cybersecurity related, HIPAA & NIST, along with SOC - as well as things related to our project, internal audit programs, checklists, frameworks, knowledgebases, coding bases.. ummmm yeah - have a really extensive conversation with your agent and cover it all 
iceman3k — 3/1/2026 8:54 PM
You got it. I really like the your development template, very comprehensive.
Thallium — 3/1/2026 8:54 PM
thank you, its my version 1
i've never coded before in my life - but I watched this guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pey9u_ANXZM
YouTube
NDC Conferences
How I Tamed Claude - Emmz Rendle - NDC London 2026
Image
I'm kind of thinking that I probably need one for business planning, one for app development, one for... one for cybersecurity..., one for... you get the idea
BMAD for development seems to be top-tier I had claude compare my template to it and it said mine was good, BMAD was better
But - BMAD for business planning and research? Eh - idk
BMAD for PEN Testing?
Ehh...
Definitely look into the video though, because I it references skill and MCP servers, which I have not added
I should - but I haven't yet
I kinda picked up enough to get rolling
and... started
Definitely one for legal would be cool
iceman3k — 3/1/2026 9:49 PM
I must say, you are one thorough fellow. I know there has to be just as robust frameworks for other operations. BMAD seems to be a way more intense framework than the GSD (Get shit done) methodology. Have you spoken to James about what he uses? As far as MCP goes, I have implemented obsidian, but have not dove to deep into that into it, may be more useful when I implement RAG, but have not had a large enough data set to really test it. I'll start populating it for cyber security. For memory, I am working on implementing a vector database for better recall, but there are some other project popping up to consider as well. RAG would also benefit for a vector database. Qdrant vector database has been great for keeping all that in order, but Quake really recommends postgres with the vector db plugin. I'll let you know what I end up configuring. 

My time the last week has been filled with watching my daughter and setting up my proxmox server where I am moving all my VMs too. Even with 96GB of ram on my main rig, I am maxing everything out. I also have my GPUs doing some web and discord scraping. need to stop those when I start running heavier models. 
iceman3k — 3/1/2026 10:24 PM
I should inform you that my Wife and I are going on a cruise from 3/6-3/15. I'll have their premium internet but not alot of work will be completed during that time. 
Thallium — 3/2/2026 6:03 AM
dude, enjoy the time
owen hit me with a 1:1 message to me I think he may have wanted to send to you, or to send to me to get my gated feedback first
Image
Hi Kris,
I would also be interested in what you know of data access security, I’ve been doing research on our data storage layer, which is looking like to be a lakehouse format. I don’t know which one, though I do know for a more traditional database like postgres there is row (and sometimes column) level restrictions for tenant/user, but that access control is not as present with a lakehouse and other query pathways. (part of this is not having a single access and requiring many different configurations among all the sources).

Security in general for this layer seems to be layering it as much as possible starting from the data layer, so that mistakes in access elsewhere (i.e. from application or prompt) don’t get propagated. And never giving information into LLM context that it should not have access to. (there is solutions specifically for RAG and dbs, I was focused on postgres)

There is also policy as code, different frameworks like OPA (https://www.openpolicyagent.org/) that can be managed outside of a codebase. As I get deeper into this research, the more daunting it looks.
Open Policy Agent - Homepage | Open Policy Agent
Thallium — 3/2/2026 6:10 AM
anyway I asked owen to send it to you - please incorporate owen's points into the research
Thallium — 3/2/2026 6:14 AM
that's an extremely kind thing to say, thank you. I have not spoken with James about that specifically. I'm impressed with the maxing of 96GB.
So you asked for a an advisory board member meeting, and - that would actually be the first time any of the board members met any of the board members, going deep into technical would tire some of them out pretty quick - my thought for that first meeting is a meet and greet video thing, with an agenda - alot of it, give a 2 minute introduction of who they are, how they know Mike and Owen, and how Mike roped them into this crazy idea, and then I'll go into a high level summary of the endeavor, our vision, our mission, what we've accomplished so far and what the plans are - and then questions - all of which may take 10 minutes for presentation and then 20 minutes for questions.... at which time you'll have gotten exactly zero of what you need asked
so I'm proposing - a working meeting with Owen and I, where we show up and be present for yours question, and instead of you asking and us answering, you ask, and we'll show what we have have in the code base. Literally any question you have about the business should be answerable from my code branch,because thats where I've done ALL of the business planning
if you think i'm throughough from that development template - you'll think i'm a madman from our documentation
Thallium — 3/2/2026 6:26 AM
Image
Image
Image
Image
"plan the business plan exercise"
Thallium — 3/2/2026 6:33 AM
Thats me
on the topic of james, I'm giving him time and space to cool down from me, we ran hot on a two week rabbit hole, went through wonderland and came out the other side - hes doing things that are incomprehensible to me - theres a dash of mania, lack of sleep, extreme ADHD, and genius level talent all rolled up into very professional but modest resume 
if I enticed to work on this for 3 weeks straight - he might
so I'm just limiting my contact with him, now that hes on board
his values framework is secure, and we have a binding mutual non-disclosure baked into our board advisory agreement that no one else has (but that i'll need to tackle soon)
I trust him
Thallium — 3/2/2026 6:40 AM
hes a bit of a wild man - so he needs to space to relax, and I'm going to limit my inputs so that he can do that comfortably
I reminded him that he only has 0.25% of nothing, which might be something, and while contract hours are available, if he strokes out while working on a project for me, I'll spiral and likely close down the business
that guilt for me would be game ending
once all that's done - yeah I might scrape together some cash, send it his way, and tell him to go - and who knows what will come back, but I''ll grab it all and put it into a project 
FYI, james has internal products that might blow your mind
hes running an AI hive mind, and he shown me one of the discords he runs, its got 4500 music artists in it
its... legit
🤯
and thats one - hes probably got thousands
it took a lot of convincing and networking with James to get him here
maybe one day, we'll grab a beer, and I'll tell you about the rabbit hole

iceman3k — 3/3/2026 10:28 AM
Do you have roles set up in the discord? Putting roles to channels will help keep information siloed from unwelcome eyes and bots 
Thallium — 3/3/2026 10:31 AM
negative
i'll add it to my list
i trust everyone here though, we've got inked agreements with everyone but backtrak
and I trust him the most
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 11:20 AM
Agreements are great, but one aspect of security is the principle of least privilege. Only give access to where access is needed.
Thallium — 3/3/2026 11:21 AM
well what would you recommend
I like flat structures myself
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 11:26 AM
https://grok.com/share/bGVnYWN5_91bbee90-7f2f-4ff1-8003-a40bbfe2d9ef
Grok
Discord Roles: Least Privilege Breakdown | Shared Grok Conversation
Give me a complete brake down for discord roles for channels, text, and voice chats based on the pri
Discord Roles: Least Privilege Breakdown | Shared Grok Conversation
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 1:11 PM
Just a further thought after waking up a bit. you keep your flat structure, you can choose to show channels to all members, but only allow access to certain roles, or you can choose to hide channels to those that don't have the proper roles. Either way, the discord structure stays flat. Its like viewing shared files on a corporate file share.
Thallium — 3/3/2026 8:07 PM
hello
question... if you had to take on cto of this company today, could you
thats a questioni you can't answer I know
but I want to understand if its something that interests you, and begin knowledge sharing
owen and I both know that Owen is at the beginning of his career - so we're really considering that we'll probably need to dilute for a technical hire
on another topic - how goes the contract research?
btw I added roles to the discord
if you want to test and see if you can break anything you shouldn't, have at it
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 10:15 PM
That is an incredibly generous offer and I'm grateful you would consider me! It is a role that I would definitely like to step into the shallow end up front and work my way to the high dive. In my previous roles, I have not made it higher than a team lead over 6 other analysts.

That said, I would give the role my full attention and learning capacity to level up. I would resume my efforts to obtain the proper certification credentials required for a legitimate CTO.
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 10:25 PM
I would absolutely start knowledge dropping everything I know to and begin  getting us to where we need to be for our product. I'll start setting up the framework for a full information/cyber security and software development program.
Thallium — 3/3/2026 10:25 PM
got it
I'm kind of thinking that Owen, might land his full time career - and he'd absolutely keep his equity stake, and we'd dilute to bring on a CTO - I'm at at 75% minus advisor equity, owen is at 25%, so I'm thinking Owen and I would dilute to bring on a technical co-founder
Owen would still always have the option to come back to the organization, probably at a junior level role, working closely with the CTO on a rapid career progression
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 10:31 PM
I am currently still in the first hour of work. My plan was to do a heavy amount of the work today until my daughter woke up sick this morning. So I spent the day with her and was only in voice chat on my phone today when I could be. Definitely going to have to catch up tomorrow. I have more information for you tomorrow evening.
Thallium — 3/3/2026 10:31 PM
okay
no worries there - take your time
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 10:32 PM
Excellent! Will do!
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 10:33 PM
Appreciate the understanding.
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 10:34 PM
Do we have another developer lined up for when he does take on his full-time role?
Thallium — 3/3/2026 10:34 PM
Not a one
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 10:35 PM
Is that a position we are actively looking to fill? Or would that roll be assumed under CTO?
Thallium — 3/3/2026 10:36 PM
Yeah CTO
the right fit for it full lifecycle product management, architecture, deployment, strategic insight, seasoned
what I'm aware of though - is constraints
limited balance sheet
I worked with Owen from the start, because I've known him for so long, I like him, I trust him, we have a good working relationship
hes at the very foundation of his career - and working in a volatile startup is... less than ideal
but - he can be involved while working somewhere else, if he gets an offer and declares any potential conflicts, it might work out 
Owen's cost per week is $115 + 25% future equity, that was our agreement
that's honestly a steal for a guy working out of his home office, needing someone with at least a bachelor's in computer science and one intership under their belt 
but a cto is at the very pinacle of their career, not the beginning
the constraint, is still the same. I'm one guy, with actually zero traditional computer science background
limited balance sheet
Thallium — 3/3/2026 10:55 PM
Anyway - I'm just kicking the problem around
Thallium — 3/3/2026 11:14 PM
i've seen you typing occassionally - I'm getting ready to hit the hay
we ok here?
iceman3k — 3/3/2026 11:14 PM
To be up front and completely honest, I've only been vibe coding with AI since the end of December and have not shipped a full product in that time. I would not consider myself a developer. While my trading application is nearing becoming functional, it is not a finished product and will need a refactor after I complete it to remove any tech debt that is built in through multiple iterations of banging at it. 

While I am capable of leveling up my career, creating and managing a program that would include development pipelines, traditional software development is not part of my skill set. My bachelor's is in Computer Information Systems with an emphasis of information system security with industry experience relating to such. 

Again, I'm incredibly grateful that you would consider me for CTO to include the role of full stack developer, but I would like you to also be mindful of my experience before formerly offering me the role. 

As far as budget, I am also operating under limited finances at the moment and will need to start looking for W2 positions soonish if my trading application does not start producing at least $5000/month to resume supporting my family and supporting AI costs. Or if I land start to land MSP contracts. 
Thallium — 3/3/2026 11:15 PM
I've been there
I get it
a word of warning... I was just vibe-trading if you will, but I once lost 30K in 3 days 🙂
futures are.... oooh
I appreciate your integrity on CTO answer
If I could guarantee your salary for the cto role, we might be able to make it work
essentially that friends and family round, is what would fund a cto salary
soooo - we'll keep going - one foot in front of the other
honestly, if we build something customers will pay for - then maybe we can just bootstrap
and that'd be okay too
/sleep
Thallium — Yesterday at 5:22 AM
So - on the cto conversation... would be open to contracting with an equity share for it?
similar relationship I have with Owen, but at a different role - Owen is co-founder / junior solution architect 
he receives $115 at 5 hours a week, and 25% for being here when this was on a napkin
now... we've got a business plan, lawyers in the mix, a prototype, a rebuilt prototype, a first customer, I'm taking risk with my employer, I'm spending real personal cash flow to keep the thing afloat
and trying to convince my employer to be our first true alpha customer and angel investor, all while amping the risk to my day to day cheese - that could go all tits up and then I'd need to pivot to find new cheese 
which... fair, I know how to find new cheese
I know you mentioned you wouldn't be a 100% day one fit for the role, so like owen, I'd grow you into that future role when you're ready. You have managed teams, small teams, but management experience is gold, you already are an entrepreneur, this is a startup whose goal is to goal public 
and if we run into a challenge we can't collectively overcome... then we find a new CTO, you take senior solution achitect, and we rinse repeat this process
I guess I'm asking - would you be interested in being a co-founder with a temporary senior architect role, where you are the most senior computer science resource we have, making you defacto CTO?
Thallium — Yesterday at 5:29 AM
when we hire that CTO - they'll be reporting to the board of co-founders
iceman3k — Yesterday at 6:35 PM
I don't want to be rude by not responding. I have been extremely busy the past 2 days with some life stuff that popped up. I will respond to you this evening. Thank you for your patience.
Thallium — Yesterday at 6:49 PM
dude, you're fine
life happens
I think we are in motion on that topic, fyi 
So I think - we may have a solution on the CTO thing
it will likely involve a fractional COO arrangement, and that fractional COO might be able to bring in his own fractional CTO
this might be the best type of relationship - if Owen and I and the board aren't happy, we rotate through fractional COOs and Fractional CTOs -
what we honestly need, is more stability at the Maslow's hierarchy of needs foundation
you're in a precarious spot, with a family, I'm having a possible job ending discussion with my employer
we need stability at the ground level, or the startup comes apart
that is not to say that we cannot have the CTO conversation, but I think we can approach it approach it thoughfully and carefully 
Thallium — 6:12 AM
morning - I know you mentioned a long flight, those are some of the best times to lock in, do wse have time today for knowing sharing on this last topic
iceman3k — 7:57 AM
Morning, I fell asleep writing this last night.

Thanks for the understanding.
Along with my daughter being sick early this week, the dmv sucking time away from my life, I have had a medical issue that reared it ugly head at me this week as well. Should be getting on the right track now. 

I am happy to still have the conversation we can talk through it. I am also interested in hearing your plan for COO and CTO.

As for the research and codebase and business documents, you mentioned that you would give me access to some internal docs, do you mind inviting me to your data store?
About your game theory, I can begin that today.
iceman3k — 8:03 AM
My answer is yes. I would love to develop myselt to grow into this role as, well a developer.
Thallium — 8:10 AM
I could give you access to the entire code base, the challenge is the IP assignment issue, to have a really solid startup, the ownership of the IP and the protection is if paramount importance to investors. That chain of custody has to be clear 
I think if we solve that, I can turn the keys over, invite you the project, and then we're all in the same boat
This is all contingent of course with Owen being on board, I do not operate decisions like this in a silo
I think if we act in the best interest of the future Delaware c corp, were in good shape
I'm eating breakfast now, if you want to draft the knowledge assignment thing and we can sign that, I'll get started, Owen is still sleeping, but I feel confident enough that if we are acting in the best interests of the future c corp, were good, and critically
Owen and I have already discussed your potential role in the organization, we know we need to give code base access so you can help us build the privacy framework compliance into our product
So, yeah, the more I think about this, we can move with purpose and clarity on the topic, let's just draft the legal agreement, call it a version 1, sign it, and then we get to work together
Thallium — 8:18 AM
Sound good? Hit me back, cause I've got another full day in front of me .  And in also super interested share my framework for the game theory program I wrote. It's .. honestly astoundingly impressive, I think that little structure we layer into our system design will be our key trade secret and moat
We don't patent it because it's not enforceable, we just protect it, and license it where appropriate
iceman3k — 8:28 AM
Sounds good. I am drafting the document now.
Thallium — 8:31 AM
Driving home from breakfast
iceman3k — 8:38 AM
Attachment file type: document
non_disclosure_of_IP_agreement_project-green.docx
41.15 KB
Thallium — 8:42 AM
hoem and reviewing
working